[Music]
mom Who am I
you are a gift
we believe that you came here for a
reason
I know it's been difficult for you baby
but you feel different from other kids
[Music]
Katelyn get my hand up he's a creep
help him up
I don't want them in handcuffs and I
want I'm going do you even know who his
real mother is I miss your mother
let's go
maybe there is someone with brandy
never turn against our son he's not
someone he's messing with me
[Applause]
[Music]
something wrong
boy a round by chance
one of the only people in the world that
knows how special they were believed to
be no survivors among the 268 passengers
on board
[Music]
I know there is good inside you
[Applause]
we wanted you good man I do that cast
what we believe that happiness is about
more than entertainment
it's about being known understood
loved
introducing your new best friend
[Music]
Chucky's
in the woods today
la discovered a charming little land
work but that sanitary place to bury our
pets and remember them might seem scary
but it's not perfectly natural
just like dying is natural whole town's
been using this place for generations
folks make a kind of ritual out of it
it's not some campfire story so these
are the trees up there they're warnings
the local tribes carved in before they
fled they fear that place there's
something up there something that dates
way back
those woods belong to something else
something that cat was dead that brings
things back
I know what you're thinking of doing but
they don't come back the same whose
wit's coil [ __ ] you daughter I should
never have shown you that place your
child is not the only thing that will
come back the barrier is the broken
we have a second chance
sometimes dead is better
[Music]
as a classic dress it's not about drugs
it's a dope song don't do drugs can't
believe how they they've been do you
hear Gabe got a boat he's kidding right
he's not kidding hey I think it's vodka
o'clock oh yeah where's Jason
[Music]
for something that were you I didn't
know if you were lost stick with me I'll
keep you safe
[Music]
there's a family a driveway it's
probably the neighbors John Scavo family
how can I help you sir if you want to
get crazy
we can get crazy
[Applause]
they look exactly like us they think
like us they know where we are
to move and keep moving
they won't stop until they kill us and
we kill them
while an island off the coast of
Scotland something was summoned from the
depths of hell
[Music]
something that would end mankind and
usurp things he worried about to do show
up yes
you did
we face every birth there is and yet you
take me in
hello son made me a goddamn weapon
where's my [ __ ] bye there
mr. Loeb ladies and gentlemen out there
there's a fifth-century sorceress who
want to bring down the curtain on London
and the world
great homework
why do you fight for those who hates and
fear you you are meant for this
out of the ashes
okay I'd appreciate a prophecy with more
relatable steaks heaven we've got to be
saving the world or something
okay get your face on
yeah koalas dude
[Music]
be my key
[Applause]
we belong together here in time
we do but it's not gonna work you know
cuz I'm a Capricorn and your [ __ ]
[Music]
sure sir
I'm very sorry about your loss I can't
even imagine how you must feel
your children maintain which they are
safe now but had they heard her crying
they fill this thing of her teeth
they will
and she will come for the
who
no don't know
[Music]
[Applause]
the church works with people from
specialized situations language gets a
lot your honor is she coming she's all
right here facing an evil
it has no bells curse of La Llorona
[Music]
[Applause]
Christian says that you've got some
special thing planned yeah it's like a
crazy nine-day festival it only happens
every 90 years
[Music]
hi people you can't speak
you can't move but this opens you up to
taking France
it breaks down your defenses trust me
all right
[Music]
[Applause]
you gonna love it
[Music]
it started with the beat drop that came
in my mind the tale so decisive can't
describe to my kind and I'm the master
of the [ __ ] I created to spare so while
you're here - a French Amamiya expand